Hello. I asked you to tell me the news about my parents on the phone.
Why lie to me. I don't say that.
Why didn't you come out to see me?
Red honey. I really want to say a few words to you.
Nothing much to say. marry. brother.
Such a man. You will know if you ask for it once in the future.
I don’t want me to talk about meeting my lord now. I want to tease your eyes.
No. Not to meet the lord.
You are the master of Uncle Yang. You are new to the world.
You are a big shot.
So stupid before. Don't understand anything.
You can't fool me. Do you want to do something?
Just want me to make a small one
No, that's too bad
I can bring it, I can bake it into pieces
is crazy beautiful